He would, but he couldn't. It was inevitable to return to his origins. In a certain way, surely, he is a trobava in that result so erratic degut to the bad resolution of his seva equation. L'equation of the seva life of him. On was the bad plantejament? She had to esbrinar-ho. It is tractava d'aixo, d'un mal plantejament. Her infantesque seva had not been easy. The third of five Germans, complete indifference. He was not the first to
rebre els elogis, nor l'ultim de gaudir de l'experiencia. Always to the mig,
between two borders, that of passion and that of fatigue. uncertain
complete. Sometimes, he had to be the gelos, the petit, i d'altres, to be
the great, the mirall. His pairs of him havien viscut massa penuries in the
seva Joventut of him. The Spanish civil war is going to mark the cops of
picapedrer amb un gravat impossible to erase or eliminate. for a
cost, the inopia, the misery, the lack of resources and the manca d'infantesa,
i per l'altre, the sudden and unexpected disappearance of the figure of the
natural parent, uprooted by force of the llar to intervene in a
conflict of interests that to the great majority neither mattered nor
he defended amb gaire enthusiasm. In the middle of germination season
having to face a role that they did not pertocava, i aquest fet, face
that is not common, recognized, afebleix i impoverished. It's a lost time
disconnect A dimension that sends, but that is not to look
from a distance, and for this reason, start them with a smile, a
traç d'affecte, un cop d'aprovacio, was veritably, a proesa
al.legorica to a chimera. Rao enough? I don't know, not even in Jofre
neither. Only he was aware of one thing: he, and only he, is
I would worry about his seva person. Tot i play with a clear disadvantage, he will be the only one of the five germans who will finish them
batxillerat studies. It is cert, he does not go over the most moltes mostres de
acknowledgment, not even a little affective reward, but for
ell, n'hi va prou amb congratulations from the director. He was young, but he was young
mature He thought with a mind of thirty-five years, with a flower that
explodes abans d'hora because he confon a good day d'hivern amb el
beginning of a surprising study, and thanks to its progress
psychological and when he decided to taranna of him, he will not cost gens trobar feina to
The largest company in town with a comptable assistant. here
start of work will allow me to look at the family situation from a certain
distance. It was problematic, massa. The discussions were usual,
almost monotonous, but it affects him more than he does volgut, and
Seeing the imminent separation and the future conflict that is about to open, he is going
decide to anticipate-se als fets i will get a room in one of the
pensions of the center of the municipality. It was not an ambient de luxe, nor was it
he s'assemblava to a lanyard, but with a minimum, s'hi felt com
dins d'a pacific sea amb les aigues totally assegudes.
Amb petites passes ben fermes, he will advance amb els dos
desitjats aspects, labor and economic. The calaix dels cents anava
creixent amb satisfaction, and the seu cap of him, the comptable of the company,
he was molt cofoi of the seva tasca of him. Per aquest motiu, amb cartes ben
directed, he is going to avoid the feixugosa carrega that llavors have
to support all the youth of the country, the military service. the support of
The company was vital, but unfortunately, cop i volta, that
Situation is going to invest radically.
Mr. Rossells va caure greument malalt, it was a cancer in seva
more advanced phase, and his substitute will embody the figure of Satan
from a good beginning. He didn't know the why or the com, but the seu
his character was fred, distant and terrifying. The first comment that will sort
From his seva mouth he goes deixar glaçat.
-I spoke with the director. The volume of feina has diminished, and I grew that it is
the moment d'profit-ho. The next cop that sol.licitin the teu entered the
military service, accept no further delay. Quan tornis, ja en parlarem.Un cop fort, inesperat, una allau impossible to prevent and d'assimilate.
Potser in a different situation he did replicate, but at that time, li
lacked experience, decided, started.
Des de llavors tot va passar volant. Abans him not sadona del que
he passedava, he ja estava damunt from the cami train to Madrid. It was the seu desti of him pel
compliment of his seu deure envers l'estat espanyol, i face that the
distance was força considerable, he will positively assess the allunyament
of the town for a good season.
Logically, at first he will have to put up with the typical rookies
of the veterans. Some, heavier and more cruel than others, but res
Compare both the legends that are explained by the bars of the bars and
els cercles de galls amb masculi pit.
Passats els primers mesos d'instruccio, he will get to enter them
offices of the captain with a personal secretary, and with few treballs be
presents in a timely manner, he is going to guanyar the confidence of him and them
first permits of llibertat.
As he would not waste the temps or the diners, he will dismiss the
idea of companies of fifth, will visit
the capital with the sole purpose of passing the millor possible.
Those nights seem more full than the Catalans, and he doesn't live
costar gaire el fet de gaudir de la companyia de les més agosarades.
Yes, of course, they were just sexual relations of a night, but how menys
he thought to have a serious relationship, he goes to meet Raquel. She was
perfect. Des de tots els sentits that is to define the perfect paraula.
Spectacular physique, both corbes tancades that feien perdre
the balance Cara d'angel pintat, amb uns ulls foscos i profunds com un
forat negre de l'espai on hom s'hi pot perdre en el seu infinit i enllaçats
for a perfecte nas petit i arrodonit. Viu vermell fleshy keys
with the tempting foc of hell, with black hair and waves with the sea
esbravada by a fort vent xaloc amb onades that arrive to
prolong-fins to mitja esquena. Amb poques paraules, espatarrant.
The start will be hesitant, cautious, but the time of coexistence and
that feeling that everything was possible, both time slots and limits
Permissius, they will carry a state of ill-fated enamorment. Com si flotessin en un mon de nuvols infinit. L'abisme was lluny, i think that
allo havia d'acabar so bon punt arribés the end of the mandatory military service,
Not even so much alone did they worry about in those moments.
Les sortides were each cop more esbojarrades, i els centims sortien de
les butxaques com si una molla les empenyés amb tota la seva força.
Aviat els seus fons reservats will play the corda fluixa, i els dotze
mesos que li pertocaven complir havien transcorregut at a speed
possessed
The Catalan dita throw more dues tetes than dues reels is va fer
more evident than mai, and in Jofre va fer la greu errada of staying to
viure to Madrid thinking that tot li would draw on rodes. It is certain that he does not li
he will cost gaire trobar feina, pero quina feina! Commercial! He had to
I will sell encyclopedies to porta freda. A chimera. treball was not
unpleasant, neither brut, nor tired, but the clients yes. It was an allegory
of permanent discomfort. You rebud freds. Charged Replies
of grolleries.
Go down to the village, and
But still, it turned out pretty well. It came with some ease, more than
many of the so-called experts, quite pretentious, but the day
it stretched from sun to sun. For the first few months, the wings of love
they could with all adversity. Half an hour of being with her, she was winning at
more than fourteen hours holding the occasional walkway. The heads of
week were made the most of, and happiness would not have been broken if
that day I would not have looked at the misfortune at the ATM. The calculations
of the payroll according to sales had fallen by half.
The company gave him an explanation that some customers had thrown away
back purchase. It was believed for more than half a year. Tired
of that strange and repetitive circumstance, he remained with the
phones from individuals, and these, confirmed to him that this was one
very well designed scam. Round business. More profit, and less cost.
What did a worker fold? It was the same, the unemployment queue was long.
After this bad trance (of course he folded), he had no more
I had to look for help. He turned to his father. It was hard, but the only one
way out. Easy jobs discarded: commercials, sellers of
commission shops, and so on, opted for the stables, the lifelong safes. For the first few days I watched the press releases,
but there was little supply, and the long wait. Too many preambles no
could be allowed. Determined to take advantage of the time, as it played
against him, he went door to door to all the factories of the
contrada, but this option was even more painful. The answer
it was immediate. A dry and round no. Without hope, without
hesitation. Reasons? He had no experience, no connection with him
ram, he had no contacts, he was not from the area, no one knew him, and
no one could give references to him; therefore mission impossible. No
he wanted to give his arm a twist, but his father gave him an ultimatum.
-I've been handing you money for three months now, and here, your brothers and
we have to keep eating. Either you come back or you won't get any more.
-But father ... me, Raquel ...
-It can not be. You will already find another female, and she will be Catalan. There are
there are a lot of girls, and time heals everything. But don't put it on her for
before us, because you will cease to be our son, you are left
clear?
That sentence condemned him to misery, both of dignity and of
feeling. He spent a few days with a strong nose, without yielding a single one
millimeter, but the rope was so tight that it was not seen in the heart
to break it.
They said goodbye in a lake of tears. They both promised
eternal love, a bond that would last and overcome time and distance,
but inside, they knew perfectly well that this was a separation
definitive.
His return to the Alt Penedes was distressing. He got off the train with
with his head bowed and his gaze defeated. Her father was waiting for her. One
very cold hug, but no reproach. That saved him
momentarily. At home, it doesn't matter. The brothers showed up
a little more excitement, but little more to highlight.
The first few days were very heavy, like dragging a slab of twenty
kilos for a seven percent rise in elevation. It was hard for him to start
in the mornings, and even more so, to arrive in one piece, psychologically
speaking, in the evenings. Nothing came out of it. He couldn't find the job he was looking for, and the calls with Rachel were getting more and more dull
and ephemeral.
Eventually, he opted for the option he liked least and went to
visit your old workplace. I was hoping that the gentleman
Gibert was not there, but unfortunately the opposite happened. Had
achieved more power. He first tried to talk to the owner and
lord of the company, but he disregarded it and sent it back
to him. I didn't know what he was doing, but he was very good at it
treat the staff, it looked like the manager, or even one
shareholder.
-Have you returned from Madrid? From what I've been told, you haven't figured it out,
right? Nothing happens man ... Not everyone serves to make their way to the
life, and some, more than others, need a helping hand. Okay, I'll give it to you
I plan to give. Unfortunately, I have the offices full, and I think
in a long time there will be no vacancy, but if you want, you can enter the
production area. They need a person to clean the ink
machine every time an order runs out, and meanwhile, you could too
go sweeping the ship. What do you think about it? I know this may not be the place
that you expected, but at least you will start earning some
calerons and you will stop being a burden to your family, it is not
right?
At that moment, Jofre wanted to kill him. I knew that
with those words he only sought to hurt her. What I didn't know
it was the reason, but it had achieved its goal. He had never felt this way before
devalued as at that moment. The poison that came out of his mouth
individual left him paralyzed.
-Have the cat eaten your tongue? You have to answer me now mate
because otherwise, I have another person waiting for my call.
Now, keep in mind that your dad wouldn't like to know that
you have not accepted the proposal. You know the ones that don't fit
lazy.
Always, no doubt, your answer should have been no. One
not without hesitation. A refusal to be manipulated, to be humiliated.
But not knowing how, possibly carried away by the currents of pressure, he let loose a yes of tangled conformity. Two seconds
then he regretted the decision, but that Machiavellian
character, left him no time on the contrary.
Before it was imagined, he was already wearing the blue frog
dark sweeping up and down meaninglessly across the grand nave
from the factory. Boring, monotonous, tired and ungrateful. When it was over
on the other hand, it wasn't even ten minutes before he was dirty again. De
from time to time I had to clean the ink from the machine, and pass some
days, they entrusted him with the task of putting it back on. It wasn't hard, though
I had to take into account the colors and the different water mixture for
find the right intensity according to the client and their preferences.
All it took was experience and getting to know the brands
memory.
Mr. Gibert went down more often than one would have thought.
He seemed to be waiting for a mistake. Not because of being in shape
continuous, but by the way he walked when he saw that everything was rolling
perfectly. Almost always, with a face of sour apples that you
it reached to the soles of his shoes.
"He's only happy when he sees just cause for booing someone."
commented the Savior, the chief of the shift.
Over time, and due to some drop in the production chain, the
Salvador was counting on him to replace her. Little by little he won the
his confidence, and he was so happy with his performance, that more
at once he went upstairs to ask for an assistant
his. After insisting and receiving a lot of meaningless objections,
he went down with his head bowed and without understanding the reasons for those
strange negatives.
-I'm sorry Jofre. I tried, but Gibert's cock refused
roundly. It's usually a bad birth, but in your case, it is
oil stain passes. Did you do anything personal to him?
-Let me know no ... Maybe it bothered him to go see first
owner.
Our Father, who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
thy kingdom come,
thy will be done
on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread,
and forgive us our trespasses,
as we forgive those who trespass against us.
and lead us not into temptation,
but deliver us from evil.
Amen
